[GEOS-9716] Add simple output formats support for complex features (#4451)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/data/webadmin/layers.rst

* **Per-Request Feature Limit**—Sets the maximum number of features for a layer a WFS GetFeature operation should generate (regardless of the actual number of query hits)
* **Maximum number of decimals**—Sets the maximum number of decimals in GML output.

> * **Activate complex to simple features conversion** - Enables the conversion of complex features to simple features, using only SF-0 (simple) attributes for compatible output formats like CSV, KML, SHAPE-ZIP.

Reviewer: One might wonder why this is even needed. I'd at least suggest to explain that it would come with some loss of information. Or it could be made even simpler, and just happen if the target output format is not able to handle complex features natively, the current alternative is a hard exception... what would be the harm?

> * **Activate complex to simple features conversion** - If the target output format does not handle complex features nativelty, this option enables the conversion of complex features to simple features, using only SF-0 (simple) attributes.  This means that nested features and multiple-value attributes will be omitted from the final result.

Reviewer: Typo (and while I was at it, expanded explanation:

```suggestion
* **Activate complex to simple features conversion** - If the target output format does not handle complex features natively, this option enables the conversion of complex features to simple features, using only SF-0 (simple) attributes.  This means that nested features and multiple-value attributes will be omitted from the final result, instead of throwing errors while generating the output. Output formats capable of handling complex features are not affected.
```

Author: Fixed and added the expanded explanation, thanks.
